Update network binding plugins documentation to reflect GA status (#926)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/network/net_binding_plugins/passt.md

specified in the Kubevirt CR when registering the network binding plugin.

### Feature Gate

> > **Note**: As of v1.5.0, the Network Binding Plugin feature is GA and enabled by default. 
> > No feature gate activation is required.

Author: ```suggestion
As of v1.5.0, the Network Binding Plugin feature enabled by default and has no feature gate.
The passt plugin similarly has no feature gate of its own, but the plugin needs to be made available in the cluster by [registering it](./#passt-registration).
```

> **Note**: The specific passt plugin has no feature gate of its own. It is up to the cluster

> > admin to decide if the plugin is to be available in the cluster by registering it.

Author: If the above suggestion looks good, we can remove this note.
